doc(linux): first pass at documenting coredump filtering (#576)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/reference-memfaultd-configuration.mdx

#### Capture Strategy

> `memfaultd` can use different strategy to capture the memory of the program
> which crashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`memfaultd` can use different strategies to capture memory of the crashed program.
which crashed.
```

> which crashed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that crashed.
```

Not a native speaker, but I think it should be "that" in this case?
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/which-vs-that/

Author: Awesome reference thanks.

> By default, the `threads` strategy is used and will only capture the stacks of
> all the threads in the program. This keeps the coredump to a small size and
> provides most of the information that is useful for debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `threads` strategy is used and limits capture to all program thread stacks. This reduces the coredump size but still keeping the most useful information when debugging.
```

> You can limit the size of each stacks with `max_thread_size_kib`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can limit the size of each stack with `max_thread_size_kib`.
```

```json
{
  "coredump": {
    "capture_strategy": {
      "type": "threads",
      "max_thread_size_kib": 32
    }
  }
}
```

If you would like to capture more memory, and include the heap and other memory
regions, you can use the `kernel_selection` strategy. This strategy captures all

> the memory regions included in the ELF core file generated by the kernel.

Reviewer 2: Should we provide a link here to the kernel settings?
We have this in an existing doc page:
https://docs.memfault.com/docs/linux/coredumps/#linux-kernel-configuration

Also wonder whether we should warn here that with this option, the coredumps can grow as large as the amount of memory that the program is using. In case the uncompressed size exceeds `coredump_max_size_kib`, the coredump will not be saved.

Author: Yeah agreed. And your comment made me realize that this long explanation would be better in the coredumps guide so I have moved this block there and only kept the syntax here.
